y'all wanted some crazy look at all
these damn controllers back there I bet
I've got a controller for everybody in
the world I got so many controllers I
mean you wouldn't believe it
I got some pretty neat - those are my HD
DVDs right there I don't have too many
of those no I know damn things too
expensive these right here are actually
some backup games I don't know why I had
two copies but I do don't ever buy
anything from Blockbuster this was cheap
but it didn't even work I'm gonna show
you some of my controllers over here and
of course you got you little cord Knight
record your remote your remote for your
xbox play DVDs 360 remote you've got
another remote right there I got my
little wireless headset right here this
is pretty nice I got it for ten dollars
on Amazon evidently this guy didn't like
it it was brand-new he only opened it
once and put it back in the box didn't
like it so I got it for ten dollars that
was a damn bargain works pretty good too
sometimes you can hear yourself anyway
here's a wireless controller for Xbox
it's pretty good but one problem the
d-pad sucks it's all floppy and going
everywhere
here's another wireless controller an
eclipse it's pretty good but there's
nowhere to put your headset what kind of
idiot makes sense doesn't put anywhere
it put a headset stupid dumbass there's
a Dreamcast controller right there
here's another one oh this is I guess
the second version I made it black and
they still then put a little place where
you could put your a headset they are
dumb asses you know that
and then you got your green Xbox remote
and this is a little thing used for your
wireless headset so it can connect to it
here's a pretty neat controller oh
they're all tumbler this is a controller
for PlayStation 2 it's called a freak
controller it looks pretty neat I got it
for about $10 nice little design see if
I'm fine another one back here here's a
PlayStation 1 controller works pretty
good on PlayStation 2 off so here's a
big old fat Xbox controller I know a lot
of people hated this controller but I
thought was pretty good actually fit
pretty good in my hands because I got
pretty big hands
I still use this one sometimes - I play
max payne 1 & 2 using this controller
and i beat it
i like how they got the buttons laid out
it's just really cool here's a some kind
of poker game thing and plug in the TV I
don't think I've played it tell your
truth and of course I got another Xbox
controller here this is one it came with
it a black version
you can't find none of these anymore
they don't they don't have them anywhere
damn shame to Xbox is still good my
opinion here's a some kind of black Xbox
controller I bought I think I bought it
at Blockbuster for about eight dollars
this controller is just really shitty
the d-pad is horrible and it's just not
very good at all here's another one of
those street controllers this one called
school something but this one's real
neat you can flip it around and it looks
like teeth in the eyes I think it's
designed really well kind of hurts in
your hands though but it's real neat
looking
here's another freak controller I think
I got all the free controllers you can
think of but this one's got like a
little ninja guy on it with vampire
teeth you see right there
yeah that's the start button right there
on his head that's pretty neat
controller then you got your free
controller for Xbox it's like a little
alien guy I like this controller it's
really neat I got this for about $10 -
this place was going out of business and
they had all these free controllers I
got all about I think it was $40 but it
was real real neat nice collector's item
then here goes another free controller
you got a ninja Samurai looking guy this
was for PlayStation 2 another neat
controller
now we got another big green Xbox
controller this is actually my sister's
all controller as you can see it's kind
of dusty you can see where it's got a
lot of dust on it and then I got to show
you my favorite controller I bet you've
never seen a controller like this this
is the dragon controller and it really
looks like a dragon
and that the neatest damn thing you ever
seen and when you pull it let me plug it
up for you I'll plug it up for you he's
also got a tail think his tails in here
here's his tail
you can put that on there too but I
don't recommend it because it kind of
gets in the way when you're playing the
game but I'm gonna show you when you
plug this thing up sit there and plug
this in right here kind of nice little
sign right there to when you turn it on
his eyes light up and that the coolest
thing ever
that's a damn neat controller so I got a
little place for your headset memory
card and all that but then there's neat
because eyes light up notice some of my
controllers as you can see I got quite a
few for the Xbox and then I got two of
them for 360 got one white one and of
course another white one this one's got
little grip things I put on there I want
to get me a black 360 controller but
they said I couldn't do that Best Buy
had a warranty and I took my 360
controller over there and I said can I
get a black one guy said no you can't
get a black would let have some
it's the same controller except this
black why can't I get a black one
they racist I do believe they are but
anyway those are some of my controllers
thanks for checking it out have a nice
day